Require unit-tests for new code (#2842)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added **validate** check for the `modules` field in `pack_metadata.json` files.
* Changed **lint** to skip deprecated content, unless when using the `-i` flag.
* Refactored the logging framework. Demisto-SDK logs will now be written to `.demist_sdk_debug.log` under the content path (when detected) or the current directory.

> * Added a new validation to make sure every Python file has an unittest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a **validate** check, to make sure every Python file has a corresponding unit test file.
```
